


About Keith McDonald Plumbing

Keith McDonald, Master Plumber, began operations in Sandersville, Georgia in 
2002 - bringing with him over 20 years of industrial maintenance experience.

In 2008, Keith purchased McGowan Plumbing in Dublin Georgia from Ronald 
McGowan. Ronald had spent over 30 years building a successful business 
and excellent reputation in the Dublin area. Ronald stayed with the 
company and is the Supervisor of the Dublin division. Ronald and his 
wife Jackie live in Dublin.

In early 2011, the business was once more expanded with the purchase 
of Durden Landscaping from James Durden. Durden had a long-standing 
reputation in Washington County in the area of sewer and septic work. 
Later in 2011, Keith purchased the portable toilet division from Durden.

Lindsay Goodson joined the staff in 2009 as Office Manager. Lindsay 
holds an Associates Degree in Sociology from Gainesville State College 
as well as an Associates Degree in Computer Science from Sandersville 
Regional Technical College. Lindsay now works remotely from her home 
in Snellville where she lives with her husband Nic and son Jack.

On March 1, 2013 Keith McDonald Plumbing acquired Don Padgett Plumbing 
in Milledgeville, Georgia. Don Padgett has many years of experience 
in all areas of plumbing and stands on an excellent reputation in the 
Milledgeville and Baldwin County area. He brings a great deal of 
expertise to the team and has remained on staff as the Milledgeville 
area Superintendent. Don and his wife Pat are long-time residents 
of Milledgeville.

Rebecca Frederick joined the staff in February of 2014. Rebecca works 
in and Customer Service and serves all three locations. Rebecca and 
her husband J.T. live in Warthen.

Angelique Burgamy came on board in March of 2015. Angelique works in 
Dispatch and Customer Service and serves all three locations.

Rounding out the Staff:

Brad Allen - Service
Frank Black - Portable Toilets
Benji Brown - New Construction
Matt Brown - New Construction
Michael Brown - Portable Toilets/Service
Corry Calloway - New Construction
Tim Calloway - Service
Levi Green - Service
Rick Jackson - New Construction/Sewer &amp; Septic
Justin Jones - Service
Lee Morgan - Service
Shamond Moss - Service
Mitch Rhodes - New Construction
Timmy Ricks - Service
Jared Sheley - Service/Sewer &amp; Septic
Tyler Silvers - New Construction
B.J. Wasden - Service


